The Empress Dowager is here.
Let him in. Yes.
I’ve met the Empress Dowager.
Empress Dowager, may you have peace and longevity.
Please rise.
What brings you to visit this old body today?
Why does the Empress Dowager ask knowingly?
It’s very simple.
This old body needs you to help me get rid of Consort Yang.
That might be difficult.
After all, the Emperor still deeply loves Consort Yang.
Then it depends on your ability.
Consort Yan’s ambitions and schemes
must be dealt with. Just say whether you will do it or not.
Ah, I’ll do it.
But
I have a condition.
What is it?
My condition is
that once it’s done, I can leave the palace.
Why?
In my life,
I don’t want to waste it within the palace walls.
Compared to wealth and honor,
I only desire peace and happiness.
A lifetime of health.
Your family.
It’s the first time I’ve heard such a novel idea.
Very well, this old body agrees.
You
The consort has already been sent to the cold palace.
There’s no chance of a comeback.
According to our previous agreement,
the matter is accomplished.
Shouldn’t you let me leave the palace now?
What rewards did the Emperor give you recently?
Ah, just some ordinary things.
I’ll need to think about this matter a bit more.
You may go for now.
Yes.
I’ll take my leave.
In the end, I overestimated everything.
What exactly is the Empress Dowager thinking?